Final batch of scrubs (outside of glossary) (#275)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: supporting_content/columns/chargefrequency.md

  - Fees are important for cost allocation / amortization - sometimes needs to be isolated from other cost
  - How would recurring refunds or credits be handled? Like AWS MAP credits
- AWS handling for SPs might be a concern - Anniversary charge (BillType) Savings Plan for $1 and a negation for UsageType (for -0.30)

> - What Charge Categorys can BE recurring? Would usage under free tier be recurring since every month that charge is $0 or would it be usage based?

Author: ```suggestion
- What Charge Categories can BE recurring? Would usage under free tier be recurring since every month that charge is $0 or would it be usage based?
```

> - What Charge Categorys can BE recurring? Would usage under free tier be recurring since every month that charge is $0 or would it be usage based?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- What Charge Category values can BE recurring? Would usage under free tier be recurring since every month that charge is $0 or would it be usage based?
```
